Privacy Policy
This privacy policy applies to the Cost Calculator app (hereby referred to as "Application") for mobile devices that was created by Kee825 (hereby referred to as "Service Provider") as an Ad Supported service. This service is intended for use "AS IS".
Information Collection and Use
The Application collects information when you download and use it. This information may include:
• Your device's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address).
• The pages of the Application that you visit, the time and date of your visit, and the time spent on those pages.
• The operating system you use on your mobile device.
Personal Data & Cloud Sync: For a better experience, while using the Application, the Service Provider may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to your Email Address and Display Name (when signing in via Google). Additionally, the Application collects and stores user-created data—specifically Material information and Product formulations—on cloud servers (Firebase) to provide data backup and cross-device synchronization services.
Third Party Access
Please note that the Application utilizes third-party services that have their own Privacy Policy about handling data. Below are the links to the Privacy Policy of the third-party service providers used by the Application:
• Google Play Services
• AdMob
• Firebase (Authentication, Cloud Firestore, Analytics, Crashlytics)
Opt-Out Rights
You can stop all collection of information by the Application easily by uninstalling it. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network.
Data Retention Policy
The Service Provider will retain User Provided data (such as your email and cloud-synced formulations) for as long as you use the Application and for a reasonable time thereafter. If you would like the Service Provider to delete the data you have provided, please contact them at [kee910825yt@gmail.com](mailto:kee910825yt@gmail.com).
Children
The Application does not address anyone under the age of 13. The Service Provider does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 years of age. If the Service Provider discovers that a child under 13 has provided personal information, it will be immediately deleted from the servers.
Security
The Service Provider is concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. Procedural safeguards are in place to protect the information processed and maintained, such as encrypted data transmission to Firebase.
Changes
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. The Service Provider will notify you of any changes by updating this page. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes.
This privacy policy is effective as of 2026-04-01

Contact Us
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, please contact the Service Provider via email at [kee910825yt@gmail.com](mailto:kee910825yt@gmail.com).
